hey guys so I'm quickly going to show
you my maintenance video if you see me
using a couple of bands this is just a
suggestion for anyone with shorter hair
you can use bands but as for the tidy
coding method she suggests that at night
you braid your hair
bend your ends and then in the morning
you just use a bit of water and
conditioner to unravel or take out all
the braids that you do so because my
hair is shorter there is a possibility
that the conditioner that I'm supposed
to use on my ends goes all the way to my
roots it's not a bad thing it's good
because the more conditioner I use the
better my washing goal or my tightly
cleaning method stays so that's a good
thing basically the video is very
self-explanatory I'm going to show you
different ways that I do at night and
different ways that I do in the morning
it's technically the same thing she
suggests water and conditioner so you're
private of conditioner you smooth your
front portion but this is basically for
people with longer hair if you have
shorts hair like mine you probably have
to remix a bit so enjoy the rest of the
video